in the mall the toa highway
821 modern high event wide team
parking and qualified personnel
telephone 107 post 23 19 77 sangria
panchita with the colors of love la
queen of taste
now with the melody and sour patch
sale and distribution of liquor site
store 107 840 8400 europarc park
amusements with rooms for activities
private
the largest labyrinth on the island
video games internet access
restaurant and a kits for we are in the
old local the water parking santa
pink in bayamón telephone 93 97 1 723 3
are presented the wizard analyzes
welcome to the wish to be analyzed and
accompanies leaving knee here from the
pose bomb park where in fact
the double sweet returns next
Friday
this is events presented for
return to 2012 the divide for presale
via mail in via check a postcard by
the 1995 amount includes handling and
Postage to the following address
championship points 89 00 san juan
puerto rico 0 09 10 be among the first
in having a copy of the largest of
all info 787 721 68 08 and by
Children's rock show was in
equipment available for activities
public and private contracting
and offers for birthdays call 787 9
42 41 29 9 42 41 29 attention to all
Graduate classes for one night may
be the direct dobrusin promoters and
file a billboard
superstars but fighting after
remember together for your pleasure to save
for more information call the
phones 7 21 68 08 19 34 68 88 en route
the halloween supplement resides
extravaganza the supra stratum 1
industry here
then this next Friday at 8 and
30 and even savior of those on the beach
of ponce where the corner faces
all of red bull since between well you
he owns perfect to pains turned out his
name says it all you are a dog
smelly as a Puerto Rican well
pose and I guarantee you a defeat
absolute in the name of the colonel and the
man
before lebanon and the living and design
this Friday for 6 we can not see the
faces and it seems that this time it places with the
sorry it's not the last time I'll
I assure the results are not going to be
same
Gray
also this Friday with that savior
dijols from the beach of ponce de prison
Gilbert faces the apollo lion
that is to say one thing there are many things of
which I are not reaching a
of them is repeatable to all of you
how big is the sun and the other is
break his polo face and that's what I
I'm going to do this Friday in ponce de
apolo I'm going to give you a sovereign beating
that definitely not
until this letter
this return to my house has immense
trash
in the fight for this Friday in point
of rating
gonzález joins a surprise fighter
to face the heavy artillery
where acne
I want to live, the prophecy was fulfilled
obvious corner stories that this next
Friday we are then of the vigor
degrees rate I do not know who is you
advising you now who are you going to
look for who you're going to attract to be something
for each being to trasmano will be a neighbor
ie I would like to ask who
has managed to face me
heavy artillery for Friday brings to
whoever wants
the prophecy was fulfilled we did it well
clear and this is September black
the prophecy
we see this Friday at 8 and 30 in the
Coliseum golf vaulter from the beach of
ponce and next Saturday to it
Time at the Coliseum Doctor Pedro Albizú
yabucoa fields we are table blues and
because there are things that never go out of style